how come you're in a wheelchair well you
know I've got muscular dystrophy how can
we make you run all the time I hope this
thing its kind of problem you know go
get out can you feel the energy mr.
Hatcher
it's my urinal joke what's going on
we'll talk about the science fair you
all know my old man said I can't ever do
another one with you I was thinking you
and me nude Reinbold clashing I've got a
super secret weapon
oh yeah you can't tell anyone I'm
teaching you how to run but you can't
tell anyone my secret either when God
talks to you how do you know it's God he
just comes into my head and I know the
answer he sees it let's go sledding
how badly was the donkey boy hurt sorry
David
why am I always getting in trouble
what's wrong with me nothing at all a
drug it's been a very successful way to
mainstream problem children you're
awfully quiet today I take a pill now
cuz I was driving everybody crazy have
you seen my I thought he was with you I
guess I feel asleep what are you doing
to that boy it's not right and you know
it what we son back he will no longer
remain in my school friends don't bail
the boy needs to be a boy I need to
figure out a way to help David he's
getting worse sometimes all you can do
is be the best friend that you can be
forget next time you talk to God and ask
him with you over one again I did ask
God about that What did he say
told me I would
you